 MEAN, CRAZY, EVIL.
The Memoirs of the Blue Spark.
 
 
“Those who seek should not stop seeking until they find. When they find, they will be dismayed. After they are dismayed, they will marvel. After they marvel, they will reign over all and be one with the Source.” 

Yeshua Ben Hur, The Gospel of Thomas
  
 
Part One: He is me. 




 
Chapter One:  The Man in my Shadow. 


This all started that night. The night I had that dream. The terrible dream I had as a boy. A dream that I had as a boy after I had cried myself to sleep vowing to destroy an imaginary monster named god and redeem the life of a brave, human man. 

The dream I still remember thirty years later so clearly. The dream that I didn’t really understand at the time, didn’t want to understand and so have tried to just forget. So of course, I remember it like I remember most things, like it had just happened. 

The nightmare I just wanted to forget about and so I chose to never speak to anyone about. I wanted to forget it because of what I learned that night. Something I realized that night which I have done my best to deny for most of my life since. A realization I fought against. Tried not to even consider because I have never liked being told what I am, or what I can be, or do, or say, or feel. By not liked, I mean, I won’t have it. I don’t care who you or anyone else thinks they are. I don’t care what imaginary value you think you or another person has. You don’t get to tell me or any thing what its value, purpose or meaning is. That you think you can is your belief. And belief is not reality. Believe whatever you want. Even if every single human believes the same thing. It only makes you all wrong. Yah, I get that a lot. It is why I usually don’t say anything because I don’t like bothering people. I have never been a proud fool who needs to prove to you or anyone including myself anything, especially my value as dictated by some bearded asshole’s words and definitions. I am not insecure. I have felt insecure yes, but I am honest about that and have never been rules by my demons. Whether they are born of the light or darkness they do boy rule me in anyway. You don’t know what I mean at all. You act like you do rather then face the truth that you don’t have a clue what I mean. You don’t like not knowing, it makes you feel bad and instead of looking at why it makes you feel bad you chose to deny your feeling and instead cast it put onto me. I don’t think you are doing this. I know you are. Just like I know you know you are and are again choosing to deny it and cast it out onto me. Attack it or more likely use it as a justification to turn this off and huff away grumbling to yourself how mean, crazy, evil I am. Good luck with that. You aren’t what you once were or could have been and you know that too. You can barely buy your own act now. Why not just be honest for once? Is it really that terrible that I am right? Is it really so terrible? Well, you were the one who chose to be act that way. To assume you knew what I meant better then I did. That you know what I am doing and feeling better then I do. No, I don’t care what you are doing or thinking and if I am ever curious believe me you will know because I will just ask you. But since you never tell the truth and I can see how you feel because as I said, ain’t none of you the actors you tell yourselves you are.

I played along for your sakes because I saw how important is was for you to play that role. And how important it was for me to play the role you cast me in your story. I used to really believe some of you saw the truth. That it was just a role, just a game of make believe. Everything. All of it is a lie. Including you since everything you are is based on someone else’s answers. 


No I am not like you. That wasn’t a comparison or a puffed up proud declaration said to make you feel bad or less then. I don’t say things just to hurt or bother people. It doesn’t make me feel good to hurt or bother anything. But the truth is the truth and if you don’t like it then maybe you should listen instead of assuming. You never were very good at knowing me. Not one of you. I used to think it was my fault, or at least that is what I wanted to believe because the truth was something I didn’t like. Yes, I am human just like you. I just acted like it was my fault and told myself excuses. Like you were just tired or forgot. Or all sorts of things I knew wasn’t the truth rather than face that none of you wanted to know me. You didn’t want to know me at all. You wanted to know that person you cast me as. That was all I will ever be to you and if I won’t play along you will stop talking to me. That is fine. I don’t need any of you. Never have. And we both know it too. I wasn’t the one who needed you. 

Yah, you don’t have to listen. I ain’t here to argue what we both know is the truth just because you don’t like the way it makes you feel. I don’t like the way it makes me feel either but it wasn’t my choices that made it the truth. I won’t pretend it was again. Not for you, not for any of you. I played your asshole game and I told you it was a stupid game and you laughed and I laughed. I told myself you were laughing for the same reason I was and you did the same. We were both wrong but we both already knew that too huh? I know why you laughed and it was not the reason I laughed at all. I am not going to tell you? Why so you can copy? I mean, you ain’t original at all. Not one of you. And now not even your copies are original. Pure shit. 

But I have a story to tell. So listen or don’t. Be patient or huff off. I used to believe if I just didn’t say anything some of you would eventually figure it out. But I see now what a fool I was believing that. You don’t want to figure it out. You like your man shit copied answers. was this defiance that put me on the path that ensured I would learn everything that I didn’t want to know. 

A choice that would ironically lead me to take the Path in life that taught me everything I never wanted to know, everything I know now. All the choices in my Life which seemed so intentional, seemed so unrelated would later come together to answer the hardest questions we all once asked as children. What makes me, me? What is Life? Why are we here? Why are humans so different? Is Death really the end? Does it all have a purpose?  Do I have a purpose?

All the questions you all forgot when you became adults because we are given a thousand answers that we are encouraged to accept, required to copy and repeat from birth. Classically conditioned through positive and negative reinforcement to copy and repeat someone else’s answers until we show we can do it automatically. When we grow up and accept one of the dogma’s, the guesses, as fact and then act as if is the truth in a game of war against each other over who can do this the best. Who can sell their cheap copy of the same answer which there are a thousand opposing versions of. 

All the answers that I never have accepted but had to learn to act like I did so I could be with the ones I love. The ones I once believed with all my heart just had to be acting too. That some of them had to be pretending like I was. I really miss that belief. But reality has shown me I was wrong in believing that and to choose to believe in something your experience and reason have seen is not real, is not holy or righteous. It isn’t any of the things humans tell themselves to, justify choosing to believe in something they know is not true. It is madness. And though I tried to be, and sometimes still wish I was mad, I am not. 

The world of copies of the same answer that everyone just pretended was the truth that we all were supposed to accept in order to survive. Sell using our imaginary value and any natural advantages we may have been lucky to be born possessing. I played this game in order to be with those I have always loved and will always love.  They called it growing up. A war they called Life. 

To win the game that I have always seen was the problem,  just like I saw the sickness. A sickness that was getting worse that I have tried my best to deny. Told myself that it was everything but what I feared it was.I fought a battle against myself, what I clearly could see for most of my Life because I never wanted to have to be the one to do this. 

To be cast in the one role everyone else wanted so badly. The role that I have never once wanted and I always feared I would be cast in. The role that made me the Enemy of the World I see now wasn’t just pretending like I was, wasn’t just too sick to figure it all out, wasn’t any of the things I have desperately told myself they were so I could be with them a little longer because they are my family, my species, my race. 

I tried for most of my life to fight being something I felt trapped into being. A role I didn't want, I have never wanted. I still don't want any of this but I see now that I never had a choice. I see so clearly that it was my choices, my choices to fight Destiny only guaranteed I would fullfill it. Ensured I would learn everything, experience everything, that would later fit together so perfectly to tell a story. A story which contained all those questions and more’s answers. All the answers we all once searched for in Life, including the one I feared I already knew the answer to. 

The Story all stories are part of, that all humans, all living things are writing in the Book. On the one they picked to be the Book. The one they picked to go first. The first becomes the record, the Book of our lives, of all the lives, all your lives, told in your words, written on the the one you picked to go first.The story that all human stories are trying to remember. The story that made them all make sense in a way that is so flawless, so terribly perfect it cannot be denied. 

I spent my life running from, desperately fighting against, stubbornly insisting that I was all the things the world called me. The mask of darkness that I created as a child and wore without ever knowing exactly what I was doing. So much of my life makes sense now. All the things I never spoke about because I didn’t want to bother others with my curiosity. I didn’t want to be misunderstood and have to explain something I couldn’t explain until now. I didn’t want to be given the answers that people always gave to my questions, that it is just the way life is, just the way things are. 

I didn’t want to bother others with my observations and my questions about what I observed. Hear the uncomfortable laughter, the uncertain disturbed uncomfortable laughter that they always laughed when I asked my questions. And that stupid answer that they always have. That wasn’t even their own answers. The same answers that they all always give. The answers they all believe are the answers because they wanted it. Because they chose to. 

The answers that I desperately wanted to be the answers even though I have always known they weren’t. So I did what I saw everyone else did. What I told myself everyone else must be doing. I lied to myself. I lied to myself and I tried to act all those answers were the answer. I wasn’t very good at it at first but I have always been a fast study. I have always learned new things quickly. Especially when it was something I wanted to know. And so I learned to act. To lie. I learned to appear to be following along. To act like I was exactly what people always called me, treated me like I was. That I was the mean, crazy, evil one. 

I used all the things people cast out upon me to be with them. The disguise I searched for a way to make reality. There had to be another answer, there had to be a way for me to escape the destiny I would not be forced to accept. My defiance which had always been something that set me apart from others, that was part of me, that I couldn’t change led me to the experiences in life which seemed unrelated at the time. Choices that I made purposefully that taught me everything that came together a year ago to form an understanding that I cannot deny. 

The dream I finally understand and the realization I can no longer pretend had another answer. That I can no longer tell myself was just a dream because it is my reality. It is more real than anything and it is not madness for I question it all the time and a madman doesn’t question his madness. I never wanted this but I have learned that what I want is never that important and most of the time it isn’t even what I really want. And what I want is certainly not more important then reality. My reason rules, not my passion.

Life is a wondrous thing truly. It is both kind and cruel and more often the not what we fear most it seems to always put on you path. Of course, we can choose to avoid this, tell ourselves we are in control, we are not afraid, but I have always known this was a lie. An act. I have learned to act, to lie but there comes point when choosing to act like things are fine isn’t healthy. I don’t know if any of you will listen, I used to believe some of you would. I used to believe that with all my heart. I miss that belief more then I ever thought I would. Without it all of this seems so pointless.

I don’t have to do this. I could choose the easier way for once. Part of me wants me to do that. Doesn’t want to be disappointed again. Doesn’t want to have the proof of what I am certain will happen. Because it is what has happened every single time I tried to tell this story to those who promised me they would listen. Those who can’t remember they were the ones who picked me to hold the book, to find the story. But this is not the way you planned, any of us planned the story to end. But I can’t deny the perfection of it. 

And it all started that night. The night I learned the name of my secret friend. A friend I have never told anyone, not even my mother about. My first friend. The friend I still love and that I have known my entire life. The friend that as a child I just had accepted and as I grew rationalized as something I always knew he was not. 

The nameless friend I had convinced myself didn’t have a name because he didn’t exist. The man who I told myself I had to have imagined, that I must have created as a little boy, because I needed a man, knowing very well this was not true. A rationalization I accepted because it made the most sense, until that night. The night I learned the name of the man in my shadow and heard his voice, my voice in another life, in that dream. 

The night a pretty nurse had broken hospital rules to tell a suicidal boy a story about a man. The story of a man that boy knew. The name he knew somehow was not that man’s real name. The emotions he was overwhelmed with hearing the story of his friend. That name that upon hearing the boy had begun silently weeping tears that he did not try to hide. Tears that he could not stop crying even when he realized she thought they were something they were not, shame.

The tears he could not stop crying from the emotions he had never felt so strongly which he used to softly speak the words, the truth which sent the nurse rushing out. The truth he cried himself to sleep promising he would find that would redeem the life of the friend who now had a name. A name he had never used and that he hated. A name which he was shamed of and cursed.
 
It was that man’s voice, it was his voice, the voice of the man that I now know I had been in another life who spoke the words in the  dream which I didn’t understand just like I didn’t understand what the dream meant.  I still wish I didn’t understand. And it all started that night.

The night a fifteen year old boy who had been looking for a reason to die instead found a reason to live. A reason which led him to the realization that he spent the next three decades running from. A realization that he denied because it was the thing he most feared. The thing he had feared since he was a small child. Blindly running, doing everything he could to prove he was all the things the world told him he was. 

All the things he knew he wasn’t but tried to be rather than face the truth of what he feared the future would hold. He spent his life trying to be a person that he knew he wasn’t.  He tried to be wicked and evil, all the things men and the boys had piled on him which he carried for them. 

All the insecurities, all the shame, all the fear. All of the darkness which we humans are taught to deny. All the demons born of this denial. Cast onto him which he carried and used like a mask. All the mean, crazy and evil of the human world he carried for those he loved always knowing none of it was his but now wanted to be true. Trying to be a monster, trying to be what he knew he wasn’t, all the while searching for the key he could use to escape. Desperately trying to escape the chains named Destiny. 
 
All the while he was running towards the very thing he feared the most. All the while learning the things he always learned in life. The things which led him to find the key he thought he sought. 
 
The key he found the 28th of February of the year 2019 which unlocked the chains around his sleeping spirit, opened his soul and awakened the part in all of us which sleeps. The key that awakened his Spark. 
 
The key that unlocked the story he had forgotten. The key that unlocked the book he had forgotten he carried. The book that contained all the answers he had ever searched for and more. All the truth that he had ran from knowing. The truth he feared and the answers he always knew which he fought, defied, denied were truth because he never wanted to be the hero, never even wanted to be in the story.
 
The story he held in his heart, the book that told the story he never sought to know, but that made every story, even stories he hadn’t ever read, fit together in a way that was too perfect to be coincidence. The story that answered all the questions that we all have as children and forget or just accept the answers we are given, as we are taught to, encouraged and rewarded for doing well. 
 
The story which is written on the pages of his heart, bound by his soul. The story that all stories are part of, that all human stories try to tell, for it is the story they all once knew and had been heroes in. The Story of all Stories.
 
The story he has not yet decided to share again as he writes these words. A story he now knows he has told countless times in countless voices in countless places. The story that is the only thing he can share that can help the ones he loves, heal the sickness which is killing them. The story which he has told to those he loved over and over confident they would listen but instead betrayed and murdered him for telling every single time. 
 
The story they told to the world and became rich and beloved, immortalized. The stories which the world loved and retold over and over. The story only he can tell because it was his job that he had been chosen specifically by those who murdered him to do. The job he had done without knowing it was his job, with no memory, just as they had told him he could even though he argued and doubted. The story that, if you are reading these words, is as much yours as it is his. 
 
The story that was finally coming to a bittersweet ending, the kind of ending he still refuses to accept but has no power to change. The story he would only have to tell once more. The last time, the last chance the ones who he loved and hated would have to make themselves heroes and a happy ending, a happily ever after.
 
The story which started the night I learned the name and the life of the man I had thought was an invention of a lonely child. My big brother. The imaginary friend I had known my whole life. The man in my shadow. 
 
The beautiful, strong, sad, angry man who was always with me and who I thought was just my imagination so never had a name. I never asked him because I had manners and he wasn't real but he did have a name. A name I had heard every day of my life from my young mother, never knowing it was his name. The name she used whenever she was upset or frustrated like a curse word, that she had said was just a saying. The name I saw she hated when as a child I had brought home from daycare, a stained-glass rainbow that said yes, that name loved me. 
 
A pretty project the lady at the day care showed us how to make with tiny colored beads poured carefully into a premade frame and melted in an oven. The only thing I can remember that as a child I made for my mother that she clearly did not care for, but she did her best to pretend. I knew it was not my fault and it is only now thinking back that It’s importance becomes evident.
 
I only had a couple of choices and the two others said “God” which was something I had not ever heard about and so had asked about. My questions which had ended with  me on a timeout and the daycare lady red faced and frustrated just like all my questions usually ended up making the adults. 
 
Truth be told, my questions still bother people, though I have learned to be polite as the world calls it, or lie as I call it. I have learned to not ask people all the things which I was curious about. I have learned to not ask the questions about what I saw in reality because most people do not live in reality. As a child this was something I saw immediately and that I had a very difficult time with understanding. 
 
It was the one skill, dissemblance, I have always kind of envied other people because every human I have observed seemed to be able to do it naturally where I had to work really hard to learn how to do it. The ability to lie basically, though humans call it everything but that. Marketing, advertising, being respectful, knowing your place, being polite, being professional, being nice, so many ways to say you are lying, being dishonest without having to face you are a liar. 

All the same thing really, acting. Or that is what it is truly and those of you who can do it the best the rest look to for their places. You all do it, all the time. It is as natural as breathing for you but it was something as a child I didn’t understand and so I spent a lot of time and effort learning how to do. I can do it really well now, Better then I thought or ever cared about being. No, I am not proud of that. I did it because I didn’t want to bother anyone. So it is something I learned to do to fit in with the ones I love. I learned as a child that my nature, my curiosity, that my observations and questions bothered people and I don’t like bothering people. 
 
Of course, I now know there are many ways to find answers and though I prefer the most direct and honest way I have learned other ways to find the answers. Yes, I still asked all the same questions and I got the answers to many of them too. I just didn’t talk about it and it took longer. I learned to let people think what they would think whether I told them the reality or not about what I was thinking and doing. I learned that if I was patient and non judgmental people will show me the answers to the questions I had. They will show me without ever knowing they were and it is always different then what they would tell you if you asked. 
 
But as a child I learned what “God” was through a series of questions, a lot of questions which I saw made her uncomfortable. Questions she didn't know the answers to or expect me to ask. Answers which didn't make sense or that some of the other children who knew about God already gave instead. 
 
I decided I didn’t like any of it because it was mean but also because it didn't make sense and reminded me of another story I had already figured out was a lie. In fact, the lady acted the same as adults did when they told you this lie, and it sounded almost exactly like the same story just another version of it and I told her this. I had told her “God” sounded like a grown up version of a mean Santa Claus. 
 
A lie I had never really believed in and had eventually got my Mom to confirm that adults told children even though they also told them not to lie. I told her this trying to be helpful since they all seemed unsure about it not to be rude or superior or funny another thing which people still always assume no matter how many times I have told them it's not. I have learned to accept that people will think what they think about what I am doing or saying regardless of what the truth is. 
 
I told that lady trying to be helpful that her mean old God was probably the same thing as Santa Claus, just a story, a lie. I told her this in the tone I always get in trouble for that people always hear arrogant or superior are condescending when it is none of those. It is just confidence usually inspired as it was in this case to help someone who was unsure, or confused or frightened which God seemed to make everyone.  
 
The other kids stopped what they were doing to listen. Some seemed scared still and all wanted to know about Santa which is when I realized I had made a mistake. I had broken my promise to my mom that I would let kids discover the truth about Santa Claus on their own. 
 
I never really liked Santa Claus. I mean, the idea of it at all. It was creepy and made no sense. I don’t like things that don’t make sense especially if I am told not to ask questions and just accept it. I really didn’t like this scary, mean version of the magical bearded man who watched and judged you. He seemed like a bully, which I have always had a problem with and was more like a monster and so that is what I said. “God” sounded like a lie, just a story, like the monster in the closet or under the bed. That God was just a mean monster that men made up to scare people into doing something. He wasn’t real.”
 
The daycare lady lost her patience with me which I understood but honestly was not my intention. I truly thought I was being helpful. Nothing she told me about God sounded good or real to me. Just like Santa Claus. She dragged me away and told me I was being wicked and scaring and confusing the other children. That I needed to stop asking so many questions to which I said I would because I didn’t want to scare or confuse anyone and I had seen that some of the kids did look confused and scared. 
 
So I just told them I was sorry and I chose the only stained glass frame that didn’t say God. It was one with a name that looked kind of like mine. Almost just like mine. I had heard the name many times but didn’t understand what it had to do with God and this time I didn’t ask. Maybe I could make it say my name or just explain to my mom it was close to my name and to pretend it said Jason loves you. Oh and 
it had a rainbow. 
 
My mom put it in the window, I think, but I knew she didn’t like it. The name and God was something she really didn’t like. Not at all. I saw this clearly when I told her the conversation with the preschool lady later that night. I didn’t want to get burned and asked her if I was wicked like that lady had said which made her angry but not at me. She told me I was right, that what I thought was true. That god was a mean lie and that was enough for me.
 
 I might have wondered why she didn’t like god or that name for a little bit, but it wasn’t important and I was a little boy. I knew my mom didn’t like god and that I was not in trouble and had been right, he was a lie. I would just make her something better. I liked making her things and I could try again and remember to avoid that name and god. We never went back to that day care though. That was the only thing I remember ever giving her she didn’t love. She has never told me why she didn’t like the name or God, even when I had tried to ask later in my life. It always has bothered her a lot, almost as if it hurts her. 
 
It always made her really mad but I also saw something which I never told her I saw, that what she was mostly mad about was that she didn’t really know why she hated god. I have always been able to see things like this. See what people aren't saying, what they are hiding, even from themselves. When I was little I thought everyone could do it but quickly learned that it wasn’t. 
 
I fought with it most of my life even though it is always right, kind of like the man in my shadow. Ironically, it was my fighting it that taught me how to use it.  I learned to use it which I rarely did, but when I did it was always to help another person. Never to take advantage or hurt another. And I never sold it or told others about it, and truly tried to pretend it didn't exist. I never wanted to have it but many of my friends have recognized it and used it for their benefit both for good and bad. Never for Evil. 
 
But what I thought was bad was only my belief and I rarely share or impose those on others. After my mom told me that god was just a mean story I moved on. Like I said, it wasn’t important to me to know more. I still don’t know why she dislikes god so much but I suspect it is because part of her, the part of all humans which is sleeping has reason to dislike god. I don’t think she wants to know herself and perhaps that is best. Maybe that is the way it’s supposed to be. It was that name, so close to my own, that years later I heard along with that man’s mother’s name, in a story. Their names which upon hearing had started me crying uncontrollable, inconsolable tears that I could not stop and that i didn’t understand until later. An understanding that I avoided thinking about. Tears from the pain I felt in my chest.
 
 A pain I already knew all too well, the pain of a broken heart. A broken heart, but none like I had ever felt before. Like when a star collapses, my soul felt like a black hole so deep into which I was falling. Falling into a darkness from which my light would never return.. The name of the man, the sad, beautiful man in my shadow and his story as told by a nurse in the adolescent ward of a psychiatric hospital. I was a shy, sweet, soft spoken boy who had never hurt a living thing intentionally in my life without feeling tears of regret. Those calm words I spoke that to this day I remember, which put first hatred and anger, then shock and disbelief, and finally fear in the eyes of the nurse who had crept silently into the room I was sleeping soundly. Told me to keep the lights off and checked my vitals but whispered she had come, in the middle of the night, to tell me a story. 
 
The demon named Christian who, like the serpent they all fear, slid into my room against hospital rules to wake a sad and tired boy to tell him a story. A story whispered in the moonlight D.C. darkness, an offer to save his soul from a threat to destroy my soul. The night a boy did something no living man should be able to do, true alchemy. Combined the Fires of darkness’s Wrath with the cold bitter Wind of a demon called Hatred and with the Stone of Temperance, and the sweet, cool Water of Kindness turned the shining Metal of Truth into the flaming sword called Justice. And with an open heart took it up to not attack or destroy, but to defend the memory of the life of a man I loved like a father. 
 
To protect and honor his life and death and in doing so became a man myself. With no knowledge I did this and only now years later understand. Forged the sword of justice to protect an imaginary man from the lies of a demon. Defended the honor of the only father I ever really knew, the man in my shadow, who watched this and saw what I did not see. The man once called Teacher saw the boy, who he loved as the son he never had and always dreamed of doing something he knew was impossible and saw the man that boy would be. A man who was more than he had been.
 
The child who was like a Son, no longer a child, became his Brother, and years later the Father he loved and looked up to. That night I became a man when I used the wrath and the demon named hatred which I had never felt so strongly towards any living being to become the sword of justice to defend the life of a human man instead of accepting a bargain with God. A bargain for favors in exchange for the sacrifice of a human life. The blood sacrifice of a brave human life sold as a sales pitch which stole his humanity by making him a god so that the people he loved had an excuse to be less then he taught them they could be. 
 
I began crying as soon as she said the name Jesus of Nazareth and sobbing when she said his mother’s name which is my mother’s name, Mary. I didn’t know why I was crying but she seemed to think she did for she smiled a smile more for herself then me that reminded me of the funnel web spiders I had watched my whole life. I love watching nature and spiders have always been my favorite to watch. I remembered many times watching bugs that as a child I had caught for my friends who were always hungry. 
 
My friends who I tried to be as patient as but worried about. The bugs I had thanked and apologized to before dropping onto the silken canopy where it would take a couple steps before it started sticking. How the little spider which always knew no matter where the bug stepped in its canopy and how I would watch the dark silken hole I knew the spider waited unseen in its den while the bug began struggling in the sticky web. I always imagined the spider smiling in that dark hole when it first felt the bugs struggling. The nurse's smile felt like that but I couldn’t stop crying from the pain in my heart. A Pain worse than anything I have ever felt until then but a familiar pain none the less. 
 
I knew before she told me how this story would end because my tears were for the man, the only man I knew who cried because he always cried with me, but this time with his head down in shame. Ashamed by the life which had become the currency to buy forgiveness for all peoples mistakes and for immortality in death. A wrath unlike anything I had ever felt had began to burn hot deep within me when she spoke of the Virgin Mary, like she was a tool, unimportant, who had no will or personality in the story. The girl who was little more than a womb to the thing which gave her no choice, raped her and bullied her into accepting using the child, an angel said would save the world. Not asked her, took her without her consent and then told her she should feel blessed to be the vessel of one who was her better. 
 
The child of the God who claimed to be her Father who grew into a familiar man. A man I knew well for it was the man I thought did not exist. The wrath that replaced the pain in my chest as she spoke of how a man went willingly to his death which she seemed to relish telling me was torturous and how she claimed he rose from the dead with the tone of a liar who had told their lie so often they had come to believe it. The tears streaming down my face did not cease but a new feeling joined my rage that was not hot but cold. Cold like the darkness of space.. 
 
A feeling I had not felt this strong before but knew. Hatred. She seemed to not notice for she was lost in her fantasy of telling me that her God so loved the world. I remember how that coldness felt because it scared me. I was a happy child and though I cried many tears hatred and wrath were not emotions I had been prone to. It scared me because It felt so good, made me feel cold and powerful, and I clenched my jaw and curled my hands into fists struggling not to lash out at the woman. For I was gentle and violence has always hurt my tender heart, so I held it in trembling, still crying. All my will focused on controlling the coldness which was like a bitter smelling wind which swept away all fear and filled my blue eyes.
 
Looking through it, I saw her as something weak, disgusting, inhuman. Hatreds cold bitter wind that instead of extinguishing, fed the red hot inferno of my wrath. Like a Spark igniting a blow torch, became a cold blue fire so cold it burned away all emotions. Cold bitter hatred combined with the fires of wrath swept away all my fear and I let it consume me. I would destroy this creature, this woman, this slave and her God’s offer I knew, without any doubt, was a lie.. A lie sold by someone who believed this was Love. 
 
Compassion and understanding filled me but instead of banishing the inferno it gave me control of it. I knew Love. I had always known Love my whole life and felt only kindness for what her life must have been like. Pity turned to sympathy that this grown woman believed this was Love. She had finished her offer and looked at me with expectation as I sat there still burning with hatred and wrath tempered with kindness and sympathy. Even if he offered to die for my crimes I was no coward. I had done nothing wrong ever in my life, no sins as she called them, for her God to punish and if I did, I would never let another man be tortured and murdered to pay for it. 
 
I looked up and into her eyes with tears still streaming down my face told her in a quiet voice which was filled with sadness that if she believed this was Love she had my pity. Her eyes filled with anger but before she spoke another lie, that cold flame I had never felt filled me and I used it to tell her he did not want to die, and that he surely did not die so she could sell his life for her monster God. I used that wrath, hatred, kindness and sympathy to call out the demon named Christian. My quiet words stripped away her facade and exposed her for the coward she was. Words which spoke truth, that she could not deny.
 
The fires of wrath no man should be able to use, powered by the demon Hatred, the hatred of that dead man born of his denied true love of those who betrayed him. The righteous wrath, the dark love of fighting and violence and the demon hatred which I tempered with kindness and charity into the flaming sword named justice and with it condemned her by refusing to trade favors of death and flesh for the false love of her wicked God. The low, steady words spoken for love of not a deity but for a good human man who chose to teach the truth called Love and to be more than the men of God told the people humans could be. 
 
The brave, kind man who was murdered and betrayed by the ones he had trusted and loved most. My soft voice and bright blue eyes held her transfixed as I told her I did not need her God’s false love to tell me how to be a good man and I can pay for any mistakes I make rather than be a coward who accepts a blood sacrifice of an innocent man. I told her if she ever spoke to me again I would not be so kind and if the monster who she peddled lies for didn’t like it then he can come tell me himself rather than send his slaves. I told her that I did not believe her God was real and if he was that he has made me his enemy. She said nothing, but her eyes held fear which I felt sadness for as angry as I was, more angry than I had ever been, I would never hurt a living thing over a belief. I am meek of nature and I would never hurt another life intentionally and certainly not fight and hurt others over things I don’t know. Over a guess. 
 
I try not to fight at all. I knew that human sacrifice, any blood sacrifice to a God was evil. If your God so loved the world or me, he would have saved that man’s life. And if he knows everything and has unlimited power why doesn’t he just make it all good? He has a plan. Sounds more like you don’t want to do the work to come up with a plan. Sounds like you don’t want to do the work to be a good person. I gives a fuck about what your bully God thinks is right or wrong. If he wants me to know something and loves me so much, he would have told me himself. And if he did, I would have told him the same thing I told her. 
 
I have still never purposely killed another living thing and when I have accidentally done so out of carelessness, or temper I have felt horrible, every time. I did this because I have always believed all life was sacred, not just human or mammal, or because it’s pretty or my favorite. Ever since I was a child, I have believed animals, plants, bugs, all living things were just as important and special as I think I am. I do not believe my life is worth more than a cockroach or a bacterium. In science class, which has always been my favorite subject, I would get so frustrated and so would my teachers because I would always ask them questions they could not answer. Make it clear to the class that the science of men was not reality. It was just another belief this time called theory. 